src/main/resources/ISSUES.md, before:

NOTES FROM DAWSON:
    Features to add/stuff to fix if time permits:
        -add a confirm email feature
        -add forgot password feature
        -sort search results alphabetically
        -make the error page adapt to any error code
        -add little red asterisks next to required fields in register form
        -add see password feature
        -you shouldn't be able to go to the login page unless you're not logged in
        -make everything mobile friendly
        -add search by description
        -add a next/previous page to the bottom of the search results as well
        -add an enlarge button rather than automatically enlarging images on search page
        -finish the user page
    Bugs you need to fix and things to smooth out:
        -disable register button until everything is filled out
        -when searching something specific, all pages should have 10 search results except maybe the last one
        -reorganize images and have consistent names
        -common name should be checked by default in search
        -get recaptcha to check properly in the backend
        -delete nothing.java
        -meet the creators looks weird on mobile

site key: 6LenvssnAAAAAJOhnQQ3FEYuhRgx4kl-RDePeiRY
secret key: 6LenvssnAAAAAEz8PzEcwBNTExH35bCuZiTywVDE

NOTES FROM ABDI:

NOTES FROM ROBERT:

NOTES FROM SIMAN:

Commit message:

User cant access login page while already logged in

src/main/resources/ISSUES.md, after:

NOTES FROM DAWSON:
    Features to add/stuff to fix if time permits:
        -add a confirm email feature
        -add forgot password feature
        -sort search results alphabetically
        -make the error page adapt to any error code
        -add little red asterisks next to required fields in register form
        -add see password feature
        -you shouldn't be able to go to the login page unless you're not logged in
        -make everything mobile friendly
        -add search by description
        -add a next/previous page to the bottom of the search results as well
        -add an enlarge button rather than automatically enlarging images on search page
        -finish the user page
        -there might be a better/more secure way to get user information to the user page by using login authentication response
    Bugs you need to fix and things to smooth out:
        -disable register button until everything is filled out
        -when searching something specific, all pages should have 10 search results except maybe the last one
        -reorganize images and have consistent names
        -common name should be checked by default in search
        -get recaptcha to check properly in the backend
        -delete nothing.java
        -meet the creators looks weird on mobile
        -clean out unneeded console logs and comments

site key: 6LenvssnAAAAAJOhnQQ3FEYuhRgx4kl-RDePeiRY
secret key: 6LenvssnAAAAAEz8PzEcwBNTExH35bCuZiTywVDE

NOTES FROM ABDI:

NOTES FROM ROBERT:

NOTES FROM SIMAN:
